Add green arrow CTA to life as a teacher section (#4604)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/life-as-a-teacher/age-groups-and-specialisms/age-groups-you-could-teach.md

cta_mailinglist:
  mailinglist:
    text: Get free guidance and support on getting into teaching, including learning more about the age groups you could teach.
cta_arrow_link:
  subjects:
    link_target: "/life-as-a-teacher/explore-subjects"
    link_text: "Explore the subjects you could teach at secondary school level"
  schoolexperience:
    link_target: "/train-to-be-a-teacher/get-school-experience"

>     link_text: "Find out more about opportunities to get school experience in England"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    link_text: "Find out about opportunities to get school experience in England"
```

  send:
    link_target: "/life-as-a-teacher/age-groups-and-specialisms/special-educational-needs"

>     link_text: "Learn more about the routes to teach pupils with special educational needs and disabilities (SEND)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    link_text: "Learn more about teaching pupils with special educational needs and disabilities (SEND)"
```
or `training to teach` rather than `the routes to teach`?
